I'm photography i equal ability some
genres vanilla travel in a full courser
more link and other fashion idea to the
harmonica hose the I am
fashion photography
laughs for now I am
trend perceptions what Morgan
Tanaka angry
talk about an mfc and lithography lab I
food I has mobility negative was a young
fashion photographer welcome to Cameron
TV
surveillance but now become sample at
impact none fashion photography animal a
person is that a lot of a profit in just
a beginner so it's all it has a team a
famous fashion photographer my name is
Paul Dixon and I had operations for GMA
7 spot reduction you know my love for
photo logging and onion
when I was in college I was able to
enroll in a class one semester with
enjoy scholar you know just basic
photography black and white um problema
well I know well I'm sorry Dean camera
so I borrowed one to use during that
semester Papa's don't see no legal in
Canada Cindy casa na gamit deconcini
practice but you know my love for photos
and photography basically for the heart
logging and genuine a few years ago
sabic of sugar of a dynamic invest about
my first camera started taking pictures
never ever gotten no any formal seminars
or classes outside of what I took when I
was in college and that was a long long
time ago so practically monitor to
Angoon na de mudança lata film para nada
so I am digital age 0 similarly a lot of
a sparrow Jeffrey Makeba makeba so I
gotta love all by myself took to the
Internet Sabina practice and then it
just so happens now your wife go is a
professional makeup artist once in a
while the governor amino opportunity to
shoot faces and then that's where I took
interest in shooting portraits so that's
what I do primarily with my camera I
shoot portraits the face of
someone tells you a lot type upon oh you
see into their eyes I began to enjoy
come under your negative interaction
move with those spaces that you
photograph as much as possible I I tried
to develop a certain relationship with
every face that I think but Naboo sub y
Moi Italian camera pairing a goose
upcoming so apparently sinasabi seduce a
camera so another thing that I like
doing with my photos I like shooting my
subjects wide open as in money pista
many pc laptop if you get to learn
something different every time you pick
up your camera and you shoot par embargo
quaint old it you get acquainted more
para balanced or really bad i'm bagging
journey for the kind of photography i do
um probably to home the meeting a human
are prime lens my workhorse lens is my
85 1.4 seventy percent of photos i take
i shoot with my 85 the other 30 i shoot
with my 135 f2 sub body in a man i use
my nikon d700 11 very important advice i
can give this if you decide to shoot
people whether it be for portraits or
profession or for whatever pinjarra
importante Salla hot issue should
develop a relationship with your subject
tell allen mello my own trust me know
and understanding type of policy
implemented in a unit so without the
relationship parent hula-hula you you
output no funny you advice counihan was
the very thing I was afraid of when I
started my name is politics on and
you're watching camera geek TV
dealing with people and teachers ela and
a multiple enhancement regarding way
around with
life
in this episode we'll be talking about
studio flash a typical strobe unit or
flash unit has two light tubes in it the
rounded flash tube which gives that that
burst of light and a continuous light
source which we call the modeling light
here we have a fluorescent modeling life
so that it will be cooler for the flash
unit a strobe or flash is a burst of
light as opposed to the good like the
Sun the continuous light source a burst
of light is like a lightning bolt it is
sudden it could be as short as 15
hundredth of a second to 150 thousandth
of a second what I have here is the
molding 300sd studio flash unlike other
high-end flashes this flash does not
have a built-in fan it would be to your
advantage if you could buy a studio
flash unit with a built in time because
usually which do you flash is internal
heat is an issue and with some high-end
models if it gets too hard the flash
will automatically shut down so it can
cool off by itself at the back of a
typical flash unit you will see this
analog control panel here you see
adjustments for the power ratios and you
also have here a means to synchronize
the flash to your camera unit we call
this the pc sync terminal pc meaning
pronto comp or